docs: Initial docs improvement (#218)
antonbabenko/pre-commit-terraform: README.md

pip3 install pre-commit
curl -L "$(curl -s https://api.github.com/repos/terraform-docs/terraform-docs/releases/latest | grep -o -E "https://.+?-linux-amd64.tar.gz")" > terraform-docs.tgz && tar xzf terraform-docs.tgz && chmod +x terraform-docs && sudo mv terraform-docs /usr/bin/
curl -L "$(curl -s https://api.github.com/repos/terraform-linters/tflint/releases/latest | grep -o -E "https://.+?_linux_amd64.zip")" > tflint.zip && unzip tflint.zip && rm tflint.zip && sudo mv tflint /usr/bin/
curl -L "$(curl -s https://api.github.com/repos/aquasecurity/tfsec/releases/latest | grep -o -E "https://.+?tfsec-linux-amd64" | head -n 1)" > tfsec && chmod +x tfsec && sudo mv tfsec /usr/bin/
curl -L "$(curl -s https://api.github.com/repos/accurics/terrascan/releases/latest | grep -o -E "https://.+?_Linux_x86_64.tar.gz")" > terrascan.tar.gz && tar -xf terrascan.tar.gz terrascan && rm terrascan.tar.gz && sudo mv terrascan /usr/bin/
python3.7 -m pip install -U checkov
```

##### Ubuntu 20.04

```bash
sudo apt update
sudo apt install -y gawk unzip software-properties-common
sudo apt install -y python3 python3-pip
python3 -m pip install --upgrade pip
pip3 install pre-commit

> curl -L "$(curl -s https://api.github.com/repos/terraform-docs/terraform-docs/releases/latest | grep -o -E "https://.+?-linux-amd64.tar.gz")" > terraform-docs.tgz && tar xzf terraform-docs.tgz && chmod +x terraform-docs && sudo mv terraform-docs /usr/bin/

Reviewer: Make sure to extract only one binary from the archive. Like this:
```
tar -xzf terraform-docs.tar.gz terraform-docs
```

The same should be applied to all archives.

Author: ```suggestion
curl -L "$(curl -s https://api.github.com/repos/terraform-docs/terraform-docs/releases/latest | grep -o -E "https://.+?-linux-amd64.tar.gz")" > terraform-docs.tgz && tar xzf terraform-docs.tgz terraform-docs && chmod +x terraform-docs && sudo mv terraform-docs /usr/bin/
```

Author: ```suggestion
curl -L "$(curl -s https://api.github.com/repos/terraform-docs/terraform-docs/releases/latest | grep -o -E "https://.+?-linux-amd64.tar.gz")" > terraform-docs.tgz && tar -xzf terraform-docs.tgz terraform-docs && chmod +x terraform-docs && sudo mv terraform-docs /usr/bin/
```

There are several [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) hooks to keep Terraform configurations (both `*.tf` and `*.tfvars`) and Terragrunt configurations (`*.hcl`) in a good shape:

| Hook name                                        | Description                                                                                                                                      |
| ------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | `terraform_fmt`                                  | Rewrites all Terraform configuration files to a canonical. [Hook notes](#terraform_docs) format.                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `terraform_fmt`                                  | Rewrites all Terraform configuration files to a canonical format. [Hook notes](#terraform_docs)                                                 |
```

| `terraform_validate`                             | Validates all Terraform configuration files. [Hook notes](#terraform_validate)                                                                   |
| `terraform_docs`                                 | Inserts input and output documentation into `README.md`. Recommended.                                                                            |
| `terraform_docs_without_aggregate_type_defaults` | Inserts input and output documentation into `README.md` without aggregate type defaults.                                                         |

> | `terraform_docs_replace`                         | Runs `terraform-docs` and pipes the output directly to README.md (requires terraform-docs v0.10.0 or later)                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `terraform_docs_replace`                         | Runs `terraform-docs` and pipes the output directly to README.md                                     |
```

There is no need to mention ancient versions anymore.

| `terraform_tfsec`                                | [TFSec](https://github.com/liamg/tfsec) static analysis of terraform templates to spot potential security issues. [Hook notes](#terraform_tfsec) |
| `checkov`                                        | [checkov](https://github.com/bridgecrewio/checkov) static analysis of terraform templates to spot potential security issues.                     |
| `terrascan`                                      | [terrascan](https://github.com/accurics/terrascan) Detect compliance and security violations.                                                    |

Check the [source file](https://github.com/antonbabenko/pre-commit-terraform/blob/master/.pre-commit-hooks.yaml) to know arguments used for each hook.

## Hooks notes

### terraform_docs

1. `terraform_docs` and `terraform_docs_without_aggregate_type_defaults` will insert/update documentation generated by [terraform-docs](https://github.com/terraform-docs/terraform-docs) framed by markers:

    ```txt
    <!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

    <!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
    ```

    if they are present in `README.md`.

> 2. `terraform_docs_replace` replaces the entire README.md rather than doing string replacement between markers. Put your additional documentation at the top of your `main.tf` for it to be pulled in. The optional `--dest` argument lets you change the name of the file that gets created/modified. This hook requires terraform-docs v0.10.0 or later.

Reviewer: Drop a comment about the terraform-docs version since it is already a historical one.

          - '--envs=AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY="asecretkey"'
    ```

3. It may happen that Terraform working directory (`.terraform`) already exists but not in the best condition (eg, not initialized modules, wrong version of Terraform, etc). To solve this problem you can find and delete all `.terraform` directories in your repository using this command:

    ```shell
    find . -type d -name ".terraform" -print0 | xargs -0 rm -r
    ```

   `terraform_validate` hook will try to reinitialize them before running `terraform validate` command.

## Notes for contributors

1. Python hooks are supported now too. All you have to do is:
    1. add a line to the `console_scripts` array in `entry_points` in `setup.py`
    2. Put your python script in the `pre_commit_hooks` folder

Enjoy the clean, valid, and documented code!

### Run and debug hooks locally

```bash
pre-commit try-repo {-a} /path/to/local/pre-commit-terraform/repo {hook_name}
```

I.e.

```bash
pre-commit try-repo /mnt/c/Users/tf/pre-commit-terraform terraform_fmt # Run only `terraform_fmt` check

> pre-commit try-repo -a ~/pre-commit-terraform # run all exiting checks from repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pre-commit try-repo -a ~/pre-commit-terraform # run all existing checks from repo
```

```

> It ignores all args etc specified in your `.pre-commit-config.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running `pre-commit` with `try-repo` ignores all arguments specified in `.pre-commit-config.yaml`.
```
